all right little small but I think you
can see it fairly well okay so open
Bazaar it's this is running on go ipfs
we import it as a library what you're
looking at this is every user kind of
has a little homepage here you've got
stores that you're following all this
data here these images they're pulled
down off i p FS we also slam IP NS
pretty hard this these are to load this
profile data it's it's making IP NS
calls there so you can see they mostly
load pretty quickly this example of a
store page individual items
all right so it's all it all works
pretty well I'll give you an example we
have the product discovery is not great
right now because it's it's really just
like a search engine so we're kind of
working on improving the browse ability
searches one thing and then kind of
browsing needs to be improved but like
you know if I look for shirts right and
again all this data here is on loading
over IP FS these search engines
themselves I have a couple endpoints in
our node that someone can pretty easily
build a crawler for the network so it's
just a matter of to create a search
engine just a matter of crawling it and
indexing everything and then creating a
search engine so some other people have
created other ones so there's this clock
booth here which you know you can see
what I think he's ranking these by like
bestsellers so you can see what people
are still in there so there's other ones
and then like someone else can add a new
search provider if they wanted to just
by entering a URL there so maybe I'll
just real quick see if I can't get a
purchase to work by these socks over
here we've got this is you can make a
direct payment or send it to like a two
of three multi-sig address and in this
case the arbitrator is Wayne's Trading
Post so if you didn't know who that was
or you didn't trust them then you
shouldn't buy this but I think we're all
right here so looks good
I've done this
all right great so I swear - swear this
was working this morning okay but you
guys get the idea so we've got a little
built-in wallet here and these are all
previous purchases that actually did go
through that I mean but there you go
thank you